hello guys today I'm gonna do a setup
video showing my situps and
fingerboarding so I'm gonna start up
with my main main I just got a new set
it right here so I'm just gonna start
with this so this is a professor wood
deck that I got for free in trade with a
guy called
this grouses he sells these decks they
are extremely nice also they are very
long 105 or 10 millimeters I think with
a up sticker and some boat reins
yes here we got some black or trucks
mean greens and some white alleles black
so yeah this the phone say the tables
FBS tape so really nice up you know
really really really okay so here's my
post I just got the deck and they'll be
in a boxing right now I got the deck
would you say love Drock finger boards
deck for like I don't know
9 8 euros or something right like that
um very very cheap this is a very nice
port some love drug
love drug tape although though the holes
for the screws up its moans are quite
hard to get into the trucks but still
very nice day
the trucks is love your trucks just
normal white black and green and then
with the will still see screen there
nice a Bolton
yeah the two decks are gives you is
great so thanks for watching and have a
nice day